let's watch the last video and then we'll go okay
okay it seems like
a friar has been talking to you all day asking for everything everything he
complains then he says he's in the
middle of a war against everything that moves
because he also talked about Penelope Cruz
and the husband of people who have done to their
houses but I don't know what happened But
that's not good well with Cristina
Tarrega I won't even tell you she said that she had
done some kind of budu
pachamama black crisa is going crazy
I don't know what's wrong with her but I
have him as a partner in the
public mirror you know and like in public mirror
now what they're looking for is controversy
so Well he's coming along very
well because he's creating a mess with toquis
Joaquín I don't know why well well he's
gone on the radio to always criticize the other one
Come out a lame as you can tell in the
end I think that Carmen lomana
really is the least indicated person to
speak because she criticizes everyone I mean that's what she's
dedicated to and there are times when it's not
with arguments Like for example a case
we had this week  with the case
of Pilar Vidal no well when it's
something it's something with arguments well but
when it's not No well in the case of
Pilar
Vidal of course from listening Of course as it
was it was off camera well you the
word fat but no no no he already
recognized it Yes but but let's see yes
but let's see
eh I'm also a little tired I know
that here there are going to be people who are going to
jump on me But I'm also a little tired
with the issue of the do-gooderism the
being politically correct in my
opinion in my opinion eh that maybe
I'm wrong but in my opinion has it
never happened to you when you
are talking about a subject
and suddenly you see that you have
someone nearby who is listening to you who maybe
can feel offended by what you
are saying and without malice
you say
Excuse me you know what I want to say I
mean she was talking or in other words they were
talking about the subject of fatphobia the subject
of
eating better eating worse
than being overweight can be harmful
to your health and so on and it seems that
nowadays it is a subject that is superm  seen
because the moment you
say that you have to eat well,
that eh being eh eh
overweight I'm not
talking to you about having a perfect body
Danone no no no but reaching certain
limits can be harmful to your
health you are immediately accused of
fatphobia of the heteronormative body
eh it seems that you can't say Hey
forgive us that you have to eat
well because we immediately throw at you the
ailments of it's not that you wait for
hormonal problems it's not that you don't
know the problems that a
person can have behind forgive me you don't
know the problems that
a person can have behind And you don't
even hold back this to say Uy look at that one
is as thin as a stick Uy look at that one how
thin she is and you have no idea of ​​the
problems that that person can have
behind I've been listening for many years babe
see if you eat more and
nobody cares if I am thinner
or or or or fatter because I have an
anxiety problem behind Or I have
an eating disorder that's because
they're envious people don't tell me that
when a woman tells another woman that
wow how thin she is it's because they're
envious is what they say eh I don't know No
but let's see I mean what I'm getting at is that
if we start from the basis that criticizing
a person's body and when I say
criticize I mean when you're going to be
harmful okay without knowing the story
that person has behind it is wrong
whether you do it for good or if you
do it for bad but of course it seems
that right now it's only frowned upon
if you say it about a person who is
overweight no man I mean statistically
speaking it's easier for a person who is
overweight to have certain
health problems and it's a fact
the saddest thing I think is that in the society we
live in today we only value the
appearance the external appearance of
people not knowing like judging by
weight clothes hairstyle I mean you have to
give an image yourself even if
you don't feel it and you don't see it you have to
live towards the outside world
and for me that's the saddest thing my
experience of being in Switzerland to living
here in Spain I see an
abysmal difference there Switzerland for example is a
country  very small but nobody
cares about anybody nobody notices you You
go as you please I put on
tennis shoes for the first time in my life in Switzerland I
mean I want to tell you that it's very sad and
that happens a lot a lot here in Spain that we
have to live only on the
outside and that people judge you by your
exterior they don't value you No I judged you
from the beginning without
even knowing you without giving you the opportunity to
know you it seems to me something that I ca
n't understand no for me no I don't
understand let's see it makes me angry I mean
throughout my life and I've gone through
all the phases I mean there have
been times when I've been a little bit fatter
thinner excessively
thin and I shouldn't even say
overweight but with more kilos than what I
should have for my height and so on
So maybe because I've
gone through all the stages of my life to
me whether a person has more or less
kilos is completely indifferent I'm
never going to judge a person
because they weigh more or because they weigh less
now the goodism and the  politically
correct of not being able to say that a
person is
overweight because you are immediately accused
of fat phobia and of being a bad person and and
that person takes it as an
insult and starts crying damn no no no
sorry but it doesn't seem to me in Pilar
Vidal that Pilar Vidal also as we have
said many times with Lidia Lozano who
has also told a little
story also if I don't say no Yes We
already know her but anyway the
comment was not right it's that
you let's see you can
the word fat like
many other words can be an insult or it
can be an adjective or in other words something that
you say to someone you fat Look how you
are fat that you are talking about being
overweight and you are in a meeting and you say
man that is an insane thing I don't
know what And with all my forgiveness Pilar Let's see I don't know
that it is a reality no that we should not
hide no let's see what I tell you it's as if we
are talking here about Imagine
that I am bald okay And I am
completely bald and and such and we are
talking here about the  alopecia because I don't
know what you're telling me and you'll know it, right Javi, it's
cooler on top and
I grab you and I say, Oh, you're
calling me bald, it's my physique, it's like let's
see, man, you're bald, you know. I mean, it's okay, you
're not saying it to me
as an insult, the tone is what
changes the subject, I mean, the tone, the tone
and the person and the confidence. Of course, if
the person you don't
get along with tells you, but you can be
talking confidence, but you can be
talking to the doctor and he says, hey,
sorry, but you're overweight, you have to
cut it a little, no, but that's his
job, we're talking about different things.
That's his job, it's his job, an
example. Of course, your neighbor
who never talks to him comes and such and such and he
lets you go there and I, well, I've seen you,
[ __ ], he says, man, how are you talking to me
with that confidence? The issue is, the issue is
that many times reality offends you
because it bothers you, you know, because reality
bothers you or you have a complex, you
're offended. And then, of course, when they
remind you of it, it offends you.
But Javi, when a person is more
thicker or thinner or is it that we have to
before Eh commenting on it like that think is
that that person is taking it well is that they are
not suffering internally to on
top of uh remind them I mean I am
incapable sincerely not to a very
thin one nor a very fat one nor to anyone I
am incapable because I say well I can
see it I see it and I say but what am I going to
say if surely they are having a
bad time now the person you are not going to tell it to them
for free but it's that let's see it is that I mean I
think that in the context in the
context
everything is being talked about Clear in the
context they were talking about that topic
okay then I mean I think that the
comment was Not intended to be
harmful I think that the comment was Look
based on the example that
Javi just gave imagine that Javi is bald and
I am here talking about bald people and I
am not talking to you about making a
humorous comment which logically a
humorous comment You do it to someone
you trust if not they
can tell you to shove the comment
up your ass and with good reason but it
was not the case I mean it was I mean
imagine that  I'm talking about
bald people because we don't trust each other here.
None of us are here and at one
point in the conversation, while
referring to Javi, I suddenly realized I wanted to
say, damn, let's see if what I'm saying is going to bother him
because he's bald you know, and I said, "
Excuse me, Javi," I mean, with respect, like, "Do
n't be offended by what I'm
saying even though you're bald." She
said, like, uh, she said to Pilar, uh, "Excuse me,
Pilar," like, "Don't be offended by
what I'm saying, it's not something I'm talking
about you, I'm talking about people who
are overweight and what I think about
that subject, man, it doesn't seem to me, it doesn't seem to me that it
was intended to offend at
all. I agree, besides, I do
n't think that I think that we all
agree that the context and
the trust uh determine whether that can
offend and and in this case it really is, hey,
sorry, I didn't mean to offend you
by this. I mean, she
says that all of Spain should know that Carmen
Lomana called me fat, of course, it's
true, I mean, let's see  Maybe the
human's mistake at that moment was to
apologize to Pilar in case she
might have felt offended when
maybe Pilar wouldn't have felt
offended it's not that of course she called
attention and on public television
of course of course the mistake the mistake of course
or rather the mistake was really to
apologize for a possible offense maybe there had
been no offense but from there but
from there to putting on the whole circus that she
put on later host the
moment she apologizes she's already
with well stating that it was a
mistake she's already taking her for granted and
then it's on television publicly
if she takes it for granted it's because she
probably without trusting her
because she did it a little on purpose what do I know
buo it seems to be that Hera's journey that she
is already quite prone to messing
with people's physique So the
base then everything else comes like
that effectively I don't think she
did it I think she did it on
intention let's see now it'll end
faster I think the same I think the same
Yes I don't